Joji!
(NARRATOR) Knowledge can be a
powerful weapon.
And the Terraformars
intelligence has proven
impressive.
Their knowledge on lightning
however, is elementary at best.
During a lightning storm, there
is a place one must avoid at
any cost...
high ground.
A single bolt of lightning can
contain up to one billion volts
of electricity.
The "flash" of a direct strike
is often instantaniously
fatal.
[gasp]
(EVA) Sir?
Sir! Sir!
Wake up Sir!
Please wake up!
Sir!
Please Sir!
Wake up!
[crying and hyperventilating]
No!
Please, no!
[whimpering]
[gasp]
I told you... tears... can be...
dangerous.
[gasp]
Hey, you alright?
(FRITZ) Calm down, calm down.
The roaches have finally stopped
moving.
Now's our chance!
We need to get out of here...
[shakey breathing]
or they'll kill us!
10 DESIRE
(NARRATOR) Survival factor 1:
Luck.
[gasp]
Electricity must not have
damaged the brain or central
nervous system.
Survival factor 2:
Proper treatment.
Outside these conditions, a
lightning strike is
unsurvivable.
[gasps]
[shakey breathing]
[quivering]
The Terraformars may not
understand the physics of
lightning, but they do know how
to revive the body.
More specifically, they have
learned how to restore blood
circulation.
[chirping and hissing]
Jo...!
No!
[gasps and struggling]
Sir! Eva!
[groaning and struggling]
[heavy breathing]
[gasp]
(NARRATOR) Eva Frost. Age: 18
Daughter of tech magnet and
virtual prisioner of the Frost
estate..
After the Great Recession, Eva
was sold at her parents'
request to UNASA.
No!
Please, run Eva!
(NARRATOR) Uaku Erikson. Age: 21
Orphan and native of the
Peruvian Andes.
When drought left his villiage
debt-ridden, Uaku sought help
by joining the mission to Mars.
No! No! Let me go!
Remember the vaccine, my son!
(NARRATOR) Sandra Hoffman.
Age: 28
Widow and mother of a
seven-year-old year old victim
of the AE virus.
Mars became her only hope for
treatment and a vaccine.
[grunt]
(ADOLF) Move!
Get up.
They'll all die...
if you don't get up.
Come on, damnit!
Joji!
(ADOLF) Move!
I've got to...
protect them!
[screaming]
I promise, I won't let them hurt
you.
We'll develope a vaccine...
we'll go home...
We'll go home together...
to Earth!
And then, let's promise each
other... no more lies.
[gasp]
Damn you!
[gasping]
[whimpering]
[intense breathing and
struggling]
[screaming]
[gasp]
I can't do it.
I won't, Adolf!
I'll never leave your side.
You're not alone.
jijijojijojo....
jijojo... jo!
[trembling breaths]
Eva!
Run! Please, Eva, save yourself!
[seething breaths]
[weak punching]
Back off.
I won't let you take him!
You tore him into pieces!
He was trying to protect us and
you slaughtered him you bastard!
He gave us everything!
He was my everything! You!
You'll never take him away from
me! Do you hear me?!
I'll tear you apart!
[crying and screaming]
Jo...
[beeping]
(NARRATOR) It's existance was
completely unknown to Adolf.
[grunt]
[chirping and hissing]
[beeping]
(NARRATOR) Installed not as
protection from cockroaches,
but rather as assurance against
t echnology theft by
foreign nations.
Adolf...
no matter what happens, promise
me you'll always be brave.
And that you'll fight for what
you believe in.
And that you'll find someone who
loves you for you.
Sonmeone who is willing to be by
your side no matter the cost.
I want nothing more then for you
to be happy.
(ADOLF) I will, I promise!
But, mom?
Promise me that you'll come
back.
We're in this together, Adolf.
[sighs of relief and sobbing]
We're a family.
Forever joined by a bond
stronger than blood.
We love you.
Hmmm
Uh, hey boss?
There was a large flash of light
at 3 o'clock.
(MICHELLE) 3 o'clock?
Squad 5 is Adolf's group, right?
Are you certain, Alex?
Yeah. It looked like some kind
of huge explosion or...
I don't know, but there was
definitely a bright flash.
Adolf!
Damnit!
What did those greedy bastards
do to you?!
[phone ringing]
Ummm, uh, hello. This is Mrs.
Reinhardt.
I'm calling about my husbands
paycheck that was supposed to be
deposited.
Yes?
We have no record of anyone by
that name.
Have a nice day!
Wait!
What? Hello?!
Shit!
And to think it took only one
day for things to go south.
We really underestimated those
things.
What happened to him is truely
unfortunate but...
don't you think it's a little
harsh to cut his wife off like
that?
That's all on her, she deserves
it.
That slut left Adolf with no
true heir.
Oh, well... uhhh?
You're a virgin right, Broka?
I most certainly am not!
Then make sure to treasure that
relationship!
Wha--?
[exhale]
You know what they say, right? A
trusting relationship with a
strong woman makes a man truely
a man.
Uhhhh?
I was really counting on Adolf
and his team.
But then again, life's a bitch.
There's always other research.
[battle cry]
[chuckle]
[grunt]
[dodging]
[swinging]
Huh?
[gasp]
[leap]
Damn!
Roaches with projectile weapons
is bad enough!
You damn bugs think you're smart
enough to out maneuver us?!
[growl]
[labored breath]
Keiji...
you take care of the others.
I've got some unfinished
business with this one.
You got it Captian.
And what are you supposed to be?
Some sort of weevil or
something?
Whatever you are, you look like
one tough son of a bitch.
[cathing breath and weezing]
[paind grunts]
[dodging]
[chuckle]
Marcos, how ya doing back there?
Watch yourself buddy!
Ya hear me?!
We're finished if you--!
Marcos!
Not Marcos!
You think I can't see a pitch
like that coming from a mile
away?
You're in trouble now!
You haven't met Squad 1's aces
yet!
M.A.R.S. Ranking: 15
Kanako Sanjo...
and, Keiji Onizuka.
to be continued
11 BOXER